Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Get back.
- Hey!
Wait!
Ben.
Please. I don't have any money!
- Stop. stop.
- What?
He's not infected.
What the hell are you doing?!
You trying to get yourself killed?!
- Shut up.
You're okay.
- What are you doing?
- Ben.
No. I wanna know
what's going on.
- No!
Ben!
- Come on!
There's more of them!
- Let go of me!
- Come on!
Come on!
- No!
No! No!
No!
Come on!
Hey. food's here.
- Hey. what'd you get?
Lisa?
What's going on?
Where's Ben? Lisa. what's going on?
Lisa. what happened?
And who's this asshole?
He could be infected. We don't
even know who this guy is.
He doesn't look infected.
I woke up on a beach and then I-
- You woke up on a beach?
Congratulations. this
guy's a complete psycho.
Sam. Ben's dead.
Great.
Shit.
What happened?
Can't believe I left him.
Sweetheart. it's gonna be okay.
Hey.
- You might as well come in
and like. you know. join us.
We've got a spare chair.
Come with me.
I've got a
footprint. Possible target.
He can't be more than 30K on foot.
Get Ricky sorted. and send the UAV.
And get straight on the line to the FOB.
Copy that.
Don't worry about them.
It's just been a while
since we've met anyone new.
- I didn't kill him.
I didn't think you had.
Handing out keys?
- Sam!
- What?!
You expect me-
Look. why don't you sit down?
Into my house?
Where is he gonna stay. huh?
Well. he's not staying in my room.
- So you really don't know about anything?
Okay. let's start with an
easy one. What's your name?
- Dan.
- I'm Kate.
- How did this happen?
- Look. you should sit down.
- Who is this guy?!
- Shh. it's gonna be fine.
- Huh?!
I mean. he wakes up on a
beach without any memory.
Does anybody believe that?
Sam.
- Who does he think he is? Jason Bourne?
- There was some sort
of neurological virus.
Everyone thought it was just
the usual media hype. you know.
No one expected it to
wipe out half the country.
By the time everyone
realized. it was too late.
Um.
I'm sorry. I'm not
really used to explaining
this stuff to people.
Is there anything you do remember?
- Were you followed? Did you look?
Did you look? Did you check for soldiers?
Did you see any?
You know. we're not supposed to be here.
The whole house is in danger now.
Hey. Sorry.
- So how does this virus spread?
- Well. that's the thing. no one knows.
If you've survived this long.
you must be immune like we are.
- You the only ones left?
- Most people evacuated to the safe camps.
if they managed to make
it out of the city.
I went in the car with
my dad and my sister.
Just trying to get out like everyone else.
People were running into
the roads and screaming
and attacking each other
and attacking the cars.
And then. um.
one of them fell in
front of our car and. um.
my dad got out and tried to help.
I heard him shout to my
sister to get back in the car.
but they were everywhere.
Then I just heard my sister screaming.
I didn't move.
I didn't do anything.
Sorry. you didn't need to
hear any of that stuff.
You probably need to get some rest.
You can take my room if you like.
Thank you.
Dan?
Oh. I'm hungry now.
- Sam.
- Hey. James. check this out.
- Oh. that's easy.
- Hey.
- Amateur.
Talk about a conversation killer.
All right. James. upstairs.
Turn the music off.
- Bang.
All right. come on.
Quickly.
- Oh. fuck! Run!
Guys. get out here!
- James. shit!
- You're gonna be okay.
Guys. get out here!
I'm getting crushed!
- All right. we're
gonna hae to let him in.
Guys. get a sheet. We're
gonna have to let him in!
- Go grab a sheet!
- Stay back!
No! No!
- James. you're gonna be okay.
- I've got the sheet!
On the count of "three. two. one."
everyone get out of the way!
Ready?! Three!
Two! One!
Go!
- Go!
Get him down!
- Lisa. where's that knife?!
Where's that knife?!
- Get him down!
- Oh. shit!
Now!
Someone give me a hand here?!
Come on.
He's not
responding like the others.
Not responding like the others.
Up the dose to 20. Up the dose to 20.
He's starting to respond.
- Dan?
- Starting to respond.
Dan? Are you okay?
Keep him
under full observation.
Keep him under full observation.
J7 south
clear. Continue to B9 east.
- Really got too fat.
You know. even at this time.
you know. I'm okay.
- You've done really well.
- Yeah. Well. I still do press-ups.
- Whoa. whoa.
- How's our guest? You
got your room back yet?
- No. I think he's still
asleep. Come on. hurry up.
- All right.
- I'm hungry.
Clear.
We have located the body
of a Caucasian male at A12.
It is not the target. I
repeat. it is not the target.
Sending bio team
to your location now to retrieve body.
Copy that.
Beta Team.
continue search of the sector.
Huh?
- Hey. Sam.
Put your nuts away.
I hurt my tooth.
- You idiot.
- Why do you even eat those?
Nuts are how you
get muscles like these.
You wouldn't understand.
- Ho.
- Where are my cigarettes?
Fucking hiding them from me.
- That's my fucking weed tin.
What the hell?!
- Fucking hell.
Where are my cigarettes?
- I don't know.
You. you had them
last. Where are they?!
Jesus.
- Hey!
- Fucking cigarettes!
- Hey. calm down.
- I know he has them!
- Whoa. whoa.
- Jesus Christ.
- One.
I had one about half an hour ago.
I put the rest of them back-
Well. where are they now. then?
I've looked everywhere.
and they're nowhere!
- Guys. come on!
What is wrong with you?
Hey. what the hell are you doing?!
You have them!
Just give them back!
When the hell did
you become this strong?
- Get off me. Sam!
- One.
Whoa. whoa. Adi!
That's enough!
- Fuck you. you prick!
- I know you're my sister.
but you do not talk to me like that!
Please. calm down!
I wanna let go of you.
but stop struggling!
Listen to me!
Why are you acting like this?
Give me my cigarettes!
Why are you lying to me?!
- No one's lying to you!
Stop struggling!
Stop struggling.
- Thanks for that. by the way.
Thought she was gonna have my bullocks
off for a second there.
- She's fine!
She's just a little...
She's tense.
- There's something definitely not right.
- Kate's got a point.
- What point does Kate have?!
- I think maybe you need to
just have a chat or something.
Hey.
- I really think you should go. Sam.
- Your eyes.
Can I see them?
Get out.
Please.
- How the fuck did this happen?
- Get out!
- Do you think she's turned?
- No.
She's not coping with it well.
She'll be fine. She just needs rest.
- I hope so.
- No!
- Just let me look at them. Let me see.
- Guys! Guys. get in here!
She's infected.
Gotta get her arms.
- Okay.
- Adi. calm down. Please.
Keep going.
- No!
Stop!
No!
She's not moving anymore.
She's got a pulse.
Help me carry her.
- Is she ever gonna stop?
- No.
- Can't we help her?
- What can we do?
- There's only one way
to help her. isn't there?
- If it was any one of us.
we know what he'd have done.
And he would
have done it already.
- Where are you going?
- I'm going to the toilet.
Come on!
Stop!
- Open the window!
- Get her arm!
- Grab her arm!
Sam.
Let her go.
- Good book.
- Yeah. really good.
- Yeah. really good. Really good.
"Treasure Island." huh?
- That's right.
- Oh. almost.
What's up. mate?
- All right. Steven?
Mm-hm.
- What are you doing?
Oh. Sam. that's suicide.
Come on. you can't go out there.
- If I stay here. I'm gonna kill him.
Just give it
a bit of time. okay?
Wait...
Shit.
- Where's he gone?
- Just gone out for a bit.
- What?
Where's the food?
We ate it. James.
- We got nothing. then.
- Well. let's go get some.
There's a Harburts
on the other side of town.
- But look how far away
that is. We're here.
So? We'll just
cut across Queen's Park.
I mean. there's enough of us.
- Cool. okay.
- I think I'll stay here
and guard the house.
Um. Yeah. okay.
- Mm.
- Let's do it.
- Fine. let's go.
- Okay.
Let's go.
- I don't like it.
- I'm staying here.
I'm not. I don't...
I'm staying here.
Possible target
sighting with four civilians.
heading south towards area E9.
Permission to intercept.
Negative. 10-4.
We cannot risk the group dispersing.
Wait for backup.
- Why is it so quiet?
Great. Now what?
James. shut up.
- Oh. come on. guys. We've
seen worse than that.
Let's find another way in.
Target sighted
entering the building.
Watch your line of fire.
Eye and ears. lads.
There are some stairs over here.
There's a staffroom this way.
Soldiers.
What are we gonna do?
- We're gonna have to go this way.
- Where are we gonna meet?
- Back at the house.
- Okay.
Halt!
Delta Team. that way!
Check your corners!
Exit east side. ground floor!
- Fuck.
- Have Dan and Lisa got back yet?
Fuck.
No. Dan.
Oh. it's not right.
We need it.
Can't believe...
Target sighted
with Caucasian female.
Permission to fire. Over.
Proceed with orders.
Copy that. Out.
Oh. fuck. Dan.
- What you're asking me to do
is risk everyone in here for them.
- We have to go and find
them. They're our friends.
- Well. they're probably dead.
Right.
Come on. Let's go.
That's what you want.
- Guys. get your shit
together now!
We are leaving!
Where are we going?
James's gran's!
And we're gonna need weapons.
- Shit.
Everything?
- Uh-huh.
Where are the knives?!
Shit.
Backdoor. backdoor!
Let's go! Now!
Steven. "Treasure Island."
Thank you.
Come on. come on.
Get up. Come on.
Quick!
Come on. Come on.
Get up there. Get up.
Come on.
Come on. you.
Come on!
Halt!
- Shit.
- Come on. Satch.
Give me your hand. Come on.
Target neutralized.
Killed one. Be coming for tea now.
Over.
All units on standby.
A group of unidentified...
Oh. scratch that!
Target's on the move.
Oh. shit.
- Anyone in the area.
please report.
Bravo 6.
what's your position? Over.
Bravo 6. we didn't copy that.
What's your position? Over.
All units standby. Over.
Can you repeat
last transmission? Over.
- I repeat. Bravo 6 is down.
All units standby.
Roger that. Out.
Audio Generator 3.
wait for transport standing by.
- On channel 7. please.
This is a nav support channel only. Out.
Copy that. Sorry. darling.
- Romeo 0 niner to Hotel 1.
We're losing visuals from the heli.
heading west past Enterprise Point.
Is there anyone on the ground? Over.
Romeo 0
niner. continue search.
Targets remain a priority.
Why are they still chasing us?
- Gonna have to wait for it to go past.
Let's just stay put.
All right. all right. Back. back.
Get back.
- Dan.
- Fuck.
- The helicopter's following you.
- Lisa.
We need to get out of the city.
Not that way.
Come on. Arnie.
- You guys take that one.
I got this one.
Get down.
- We have to get another way around.
- Yeah. we are.
Back up.
Pass me a stone.
When I throw this. we run.
- What was that?
Go. go. go!
Did you hear that?
Ah. fucking seagulls.
Guys.
My feet really hurt.
Whoa.
Can see the whole city from here.
I can't believe I dropped my glasses.
You idiot.
Look. is that our house?
Where?
Oh. yeah.
There it is.
- Did anyone get any food?
- No. there's nothing left. remember?
- I got some.
Nice one. Dan.
- Where'd all this come from?
- Mm.
These peas have artificial
coloring in them.
Why do you need artificial
coloring in peas?
Isn't there
anywhere safe outside the city?
- My gran's got a place. up in Wilshire.
Out in the country.
Bit of a trek though.
Attention. all units.
We are executing Operation Snare Trap
with immediate effect.
We have failed to contain
and quarantine the city.
The target and other known
contacts have not been located.
We believe they may have traveled north.
We need to flush all infected
out of the city area.
Widen the outer perimeter
by five kilometers.
and prepare audio
generators for deployment.
Assault teams prepare ambush positions.
It is absolutely imperative
that no one escapes past the perimeter.
- Roger that. Bravo 2.
- Audio generator.
Delta Team standing by.
Standby and
wait for further orders.
Audio Generator
2 heading toward section C12.
All units. standby.
Activating audio generator 5.
This thing better bloody work.
- Can anyone else hear that?
No.
What are we listening for?
What?
- It's nothing. Let's go.
Keep going.
Shouldn't we be going that way?
No. there's a safe camp there.
Besides. we're here.
so we've gotta go straight down there.
up the hill. through those trees.
Really? Are you sure?
Hang on. Which hill?
- Right.
We came out here.
so it's that one.
- They all look the same.
- No. not at all.
We've come out from this direction.
so it's gotta be that one.
I thought east was over there.
- No. no. no! It's gotta be this way!
We're heading northwest.
That's the whole point.
We started east. then we go northwest
for the rest of the journey.
Look. trust me.
James. we've been over
this before.
- Oh. yeah. you're right.
He's right.
- Oh. my god.
- Yeah. well...
Fuck.
Run! Don't look back!
Oh. shit!
Run!
Hold your fire!
Hold!
Open fire!
Get down!
Stay down! Just play dead!
Come on! They've gone past.
Let's move. now!
Shit! Where
are they all coming from?!
Fall back! There's too many!
Delta Team. fall back!
Run!
- Retreat!
- Retreat to the RV. now!
- Get outta there!
- Stupid!
Retreat!
You need to get the fuck...
Oh. fuck. I don't
get paid enough for this shit!
Move the fuck away!
- Oh. for God's sakes!
- Move back!
They're all around us.
- Fall back!
Run!
Help me!
Go!
Come on.
- Can we go to the pub now?
- Come on. let's go.
- Gotcha.
Fall back. Fall back!
- We're compromised.
- Fall back.
- Retreat!
Go. go. go!
Go. go!
- Go!
- This isn't safe.
- What else are we gonna
do. freeze to death?
- How slowly are reading that?
Have we got any food left?
Oi.
Dan.
- Hm?
Food?
- Um.
Yeah. we might have some.
Steven?
Mm.
- Beans?
- Probably just some animals.
Come on.
Let's get some sleep.
- He's not responding like the others.
Up the dose to 20.
He's starting to respond.
Keep him under full observation.
Morning. Hello?
Just anything
other than cold beans.
Yeah. tell me about it.
I used to be a chef. you know.
so anything you want.
A chef?
You used to be a chef?
- Yeah. well. I used to-
- What can you cook?
Work in a couple of pubs.
- Do you do quiche?
Come on. Dan. Wee faster.
Yeah. hurry up.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
You sure?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I just...
I don't know how to say it.
When Lisa...
Look. Dan. you can tell me.
I'm not gonna judge you.
- I found my photo on
the body of a soldier.
What?
I think they're looking for me.
They're following you?
They're following you. you son of a bitch?
- Sam.
- Huh?
Who the hell are you?!
- Sam. don't do this.
Just calm down.
- Come on. who are you?!
- Sam. don't do this!
What the fuck do you know?!
- Sam. just let him talk.
- Down!
Sam.
Sam. let him talk.
No.
- Sam.
Come on. Sam. leave
it. This isn't gonna help.
- Fucking stay out of this. you prick.
I'm gonna kick the shit out of him.
Dan!
- Dan. get off of him!
- Dan!
- You're gonna kill him!
Dan!
- Leave him!
- Come on.
- Dan!
- Get off him!
Let him go.
- Get off!
Like he could hurt me anyway.
Enough.
- No. not fucking enough!
Told you.
Fucking told you.
I told all of you this whole time.
There's something about
him. and he's why Adi died.
And he's why the military came.
And I fucking said it.
I fucking said it from day one!
Didn't I?! Didn't I?!
So what do you know?
Are you just gonna be
honest now. and tell us?
- I don't know anything.
You don't know anything?
Yeah. I've heard that one before.
- I don't know anything.
I don't know why they're looking for me.
Don't you ever
keep stuff from us again.
- Steven!
No!
Steven.
It's gonna be fine.
Kate.
You'll be fine.
It's gonna be fine.
I'm so sorry. guys.
- No. you don't have to be sorry.
- You'll be fine.
He just came out of nowhere.
I'm sorry.
- You sure it's this way?
- Do you want the map?
Hey! Careful.
Give me the gun.
Tie him up. James.
We have an
unconfirmed sighting of target
and secondary targets just outside Zone 5.
Bravo Team have lost
contact with their boy
who reported the sighting.
We're gonna have to move fast on this one.
Shoot to kill!
3 to Tango 2. We
are on approach to drop zone.
ETA. four minutes.
- Why are you looking for us?
Why are you looking for him?
Don't you fucking think I won't.
- He was infected. all right?
- He was infected?
- He was given a prototype vaccine.
It worked. and then he
escaped the research center.
- Did he?
- So what's the problem?
- Look. right. in the other patients
who were given the same cure.
the virus just mutated or something.
And now. it's 10 times worse.
Now. even the immune can be infected now.
And you. you're still infected with it.
And you can wipe out what's
left of this fucking country.
- How do we know we're not infected?
- Give it two weeks. mate.
- Don't make a sound.
Dan.
- If I hand myself in.
will you let them go?
- Come on.
- Guys.
What's up. Dan?
- I'm gonna head back that way.
see if we can draw some of them away.
- Then what?
- Catch up with you later. okay?
- Dan. you can't lie to me.
- I'll see you later.
- Do what you gotta do. Jason Bourne.
- Good luck.
- No.
- Oi!
Over here. now!
Get on your knees!
It's not your lucky day. sunshine.
Do you know how many men
have died looking for you?
I'm gonna enjoy blowing
your fucking head off!